Ok, I just feel if you're paying well over $200 for a room you should get something to show for it. The location was on Michigan Ave but if I pay just a little more I could have had way better (Peninsula, Park Hyatt, shoot the Omni was 10x better). We ordered a deluxe executive suite, and it was so below sub par. The room was very small (so small the ice bucket was in the closet), the bathroom was just as small, just well lit (a plus). Wallpaper was peeling, outlets barely covered, no view. The only thing appealing was the bed, and that may have been because I was so tired. And we were really excited because this is the Palmer House. The Palmer House does have nice restaurants: the Lockwood (quiet, distinguished) and the Potter's Lounge (grown/sexy)
First of all, Expedia.com charged me for an additional person per my instructions but when I arrived at the Hotel these monies were not included and the complimentary breakfast was not offered. The Hotel service person who checked us in forgot to give me back my parking ticket but left a generic message for me stating that there was an envelope at the front desk. I had to wait in line for another 20 minutes to discover this the whole time this person was looking at me and never said a word!! I was charged and paid for parking adjacent to the Hotel. When we went to leave the gate would not open. We had to find the parking garage office and the Manager had to call several times over to the Hotel until finally someone picked up. They confirmed my payment and then we were allowed to leave the structure. The Hotel itself is beautiful!!! The bell hops and doormen were just wonderful. They were more than helpful and gracious but the internal staff were rude and not helpful at all!!!!
I have stayed at the Palmer a half dozen times in the past and it has been ok. The main drawbacks are the check in desk is always slow and they charge you to use the fitness center, which is truly annoying. In addition, there are so many rooms you often have to walk a hundred years to find your room once you get off the elevator. Other than that, it is a classic old hotel with some yesteryear charm. But, the room they gave me most recently was so small it was laughable. The door to the bathroom could not open as it hit the desk, and the chair to the desk could not be properly pulled out as it hit the bed. There was no room for them to put the TV in front of the bed, so they shoved it off to the side. Room 23242 makes prison cells seem roomy and I promise that no one who works there would ever put someone they know in this hovel. It should not be sold as a hotel room.
The hotel is almost always very helpful. This stay caused me to re-think if I like the Palmer House. I had dirty covers for the bed. It was also the smallest room in the hotel I am sure. My husband and I usually come 8 times each year. He is there doing Business and CTA work. We are not pleased with the size of the room at all now. Rooms have always had two chairs, desk, and usually 22 by 25 feet. Not this room on the 11th floor. It was only 15 X 17 approx. The service men at the doors have always said a welcome but not this time. In the past we had a bell man steal a $300. pair of sun glasses and the hotel did nothing about our loss financially.
We stay at the Palmer House when we attend conferences in Chicago. It is a stately building. But this year, there were ... problems we have not had before. First, they now have wi-fi available, but it is not free. The cost is $7.50 per hour. On-line it indicated that Hilton hotels charge about $4, but this was almost double. Many hotels have free wi-fi. Wi-fi is wi-fi, so the level of service is not a factor that could justify this exorbitant cost. They also charge for their fitness center, even when you are only going to use the machines. There is no business center in-house for copies, etc. Our bed was against a wall that separated us from the bathroom in the next room. It did not separate us from the bathroom noises. When someone took a shower (at 5:30 a.m.), the pipes "sung" like old pipes do,but very loudly. An empty wine glass sat outside someone's room door for days without being picked up by housekeeping. The concierge desk had only one person and there was always a line. If you called down, you were put on hold while they dealt with the people in the line. The staff were all very nice, and the location can't be beat, but the luxury prices for normal services felt like a ripoff this year. I doubt we'll return....
I stayed at Palmer House for one night in early January this year. During the check in, the front desk lady asked me to show my confirmation letter of my reservation. I did not bring the confirmation with me because I had not been asked to present it in other places during check in.So she asked to print out one copy in their business center and bring the confirmation to the bell station to get the room key. I did what she told me and went to the bell station. However, people at the bell station was totally confused and none of them have the key. A bellman was nice enough to help me go ask their staff at the front desk. I finally got checked in after waiting at the lobby for about 15 minutes. As other people pointed out before, the room I got was small and old with a twin bed, and I could hear people next door using the bathroom. This was not a pleasant experience, even though I paid over 100 dollars to the hotel.
My husband and I and our 10 month old took a quick trip to Chicago. We stayed one night at The Palmer house after reading that they were a four star hotel. I guess I am just confused as to why they are a four star hotel. Yes the lounge area is nice but the rooms were so small I couldn't set up a pack and play for my son. I had to call and "upgrade" my room just so my son could have someplace to sleep. The lower levels have been updated which makes them slightly better than a Holiday Inn. The wall paper is peeling away from the walls and the shower was dirty. I will NEVER stay there again.
Not impressed at ALL. The hotel itself looks really nice, especially in the big foyer area. Our room was small, and the bathroom needed some major upgrades. It had the green tile, like at your grandmother's house, all over the walls, and 2 people couldn't fit in it if you tried. We could hear the people beside us in the early morning every morning, so obvioulsy the walls aren't so thick. Our room looked directly on to a brick building outside, VERY close, we couldn't even tell if it was nice outside or not. We are assuming we were not in a renovated room from the looks of it, and I felt yucky the whole time in it. I just wouldn't pay lots of money to stay here, there is nothing exceptional about it at all.
The hotel is excellently situated for visiting The Art Institute or Millennium Park. It is an "old classic" of a hotel, and the main lobby is a must see, but I would not stay there again. The problem with any hotel dating from long ago (the current one was built in 1923-25) is that, even with extensive remodeling (which was done in 2007-2009) it is hard to create spaces that are comparable to what is expected today (in many cases the walls are load bearing so cannot be changed too much). We had a reasonably sized room (king bed and space for a desk and lounge chair) but the bathroom was very small with little space to spread out toiletries. Also, there was no coffee machine in the room - something I have come to expect in virtually all hotels these days. My major complaint about this stay was the Executive Lounge. It is usually worth while to pay the extra for access - in most hotels it is not much more than the cost of two breakfasts and there are usually some hors d'oeuvres in the evening along with a modest wine at a modest price. (Since we are currently at the diamond level in the Hilton Honors program, we get access for free at the Hiltons but I usually upgrade at other chains such as the Hyatt.) At the Palmer Executive Lounge I ordered a couple of glasses of wine (there was a bartender on duty) and was slightly surprised by the cost - $9/glass which came to $21.44 for two with tax and tip - and was even more surprised by the wine. It was about the worst wine I had tasted in many years. I didn't think it was even as good as Trader Joe's cheapest $2.99 wine that I tried a couple of weeks ago. Unfortunately I didn't get a look at the bottle to see what it was (although I did notice that she had to fish it out of the back of a cupboard). I noticed that a couple of groups in the executive lounge had brought their own wine in - and I can understand iot at the prices they were charging. It then occurred to me that the wine had been sitting around open for some time. I checked the room service menu and saw that they offered three red wines by the glass - the same three varietals as at the bar. The cabernet was a William Hill at $10.50/glass from room service. I presume that what I had had at some time been a William Hill that had been left to turn to vinegar. It was slightly more expensive from room service, but I hope that it was in a lot better condition.
I stayed in this hotel for 5 days in November together with my colleagues. Internet only wired available for 20 additional dollars a day. No fridge or microwave included in the price. Our room had two too soft full size beds. In the hall way the wallpaper had come off the wall. Who doesnt believe it, check out the 16th floor close to room 212. With discount we paid more than 300 dollars a night which is ridiculous. I stayed in the Hyatt Regency before for much cheaper and that was way better. The restaurant in the main hall is very nice and the food is tasty, but although being almost the only customer it took forever that the food got served. please stay away and take one of the plenty alternatives nearby.
Will not stay here again. We were here pre-construction so didn't have the noise problems that others are now experiencing. But room and service quality were so poor that we will not return. Our suite was large enough, but it was dirty, dated and worn. The bed linens were stained and the bathroom did not appear to have been cleaned properly. Public hall areas had room service trays sitting for two days, disgusting. We (politely) requested housekeeping to touch up our room and pick up trays and they never showed. We had paid for the King Tut Package, which was supposed to include tickets to the exhibit. They had no record of this and didn't honor it. Of course, the exhibit was sold out, so our main reason for visiting Chicago was ruined as we weren't able to see this part of the Field museum. My (also polite) letter to Hilton and the manager was never acknowledged. Very very disappointed in this property and am now avoiding Hilton in general when possible.
Booked through Hotwire and consequently was placed in a room where we barely had room to walk around our luggage. The 'view' was of the 'inner courtyard' of nothing but walls of windows of the other rooms. You were unable to determine what the weather was outside except that it was either day or night. They no longer have in-room coffee appliances. You either have to go down to their ostentatious dining room, or go around the corner to Starbucks or McDonald's. Internet access is not free ($12.95/24 hours), the "Gift Shop" is a joke (tucked away in the corner of the coat check room, Concierge services have limited hours, and the business center is open only during 'business hours' which made it difficult to get work done after 'business hours." I would not stay there ever again, nor do I recommend it to anyone. I have had better stays at any Holiday Inn Express!
After Leaving some important documents in the room, I called and asked for the lost and found department... SEVEN TIMES over the course of a week. Eventually I had enough and asked for a manager and was put on hold then disconnected. Finally , a deceivingly friendly operator PROMISED me she would have someone call me back in a few minutes, It never happened. So Avoid this place because after they rip you off once they'll keep doing it later. They cannot be trusted at their word
Here are my experiences: - Had three rooms reserved, when checked in we were charged 2 different rates for the rooms - screwed up initial room assignments, gave us a room that was not even cleaned yet when we checked in - Could not get us new keys to a different room without great difficulty (we had to go to the front desk because bell staff went to the wrong room to give us new keys) - In room guide says pool in on the 8th floor and signs say it is on the 7th - could not get to the pool from the 14th floor without going all the way down to the lobby and then had to go to the 7th floor and take the stairs to the 8th - When we checked in we had the front desk staff go over which credit cards were assigned to which room. - When we received our bills, the credit card assignments were still wrong. I stay at "economy" hotels a lot and I have not even come close to having this many problems with a hotel until this one. This hotel should do Chicago a service and just close its doors. Due to this experience, I will never stay downtown again to deal with overpriced hotels with poor service and surrounding business that are just as bad.
How about this had reservation confirmation in hand and still had to argue with the registration desk about price on reservation. She tried to charge me price on bill they slide under your door. Sorry not on my watch! Then about this room you gave me I understand this place is old but for the price you charge how about some indoor plumbing! You take a shower and the tub fills with water will not drain this is absolutely redickulas for this being a Hilton I think you should step back and take a look at how this place is operating. Registration: Fail Parking price: Fail Plumbing: Fail Thank you Hilton for for my super 8 experience in Chicago.
The Palmer House has a beautiful lobby with a great bar and restaurant. The rooms are way too small!!! Two people in a room with a King size bed can barely move around. Not enough room for two suitcases. Our room was very outdated-reminded us of the movie The Shining. VERY NOISY!!!! Don't expect a quiet stay. You can hear EVERYTHING that your neighbors are doing and saying not to mention everything that is happening in the hallways. We requested a room change as soon as we checked in. The room that we originally were in had a huge square cut out of the wall that had exposed pipes, bricks, dirt and dust. Oh and the construction for their renovations starts at 7 a.m. during the week. We will never stay at the Palmer House again. You are better off spending a few more dollars at a different hotel.
great expectations from the hotel of THE FUGITIVE! Wonderful lobby! AND THAT'S IT! The room was old in style and furnitures, the tv was from the other century, no minibar, no wireless internet, no wireless adapter enough for the number of the room, those guys ignore that we are in the era of IPAD without cable connections. small room, small bathroom, rude service room. they have lost my credit card number and want CASH ON DELIVERY for a breakfast of 20 dollars. Robbery in the business center, 0,59 cents a MINUTE for internet connection, you have to pay to use word, or excel. NEVER AGAIN!
For a Hilton hotel I was very unimpressed, the rooms are incredibly small, there are no refrigirator or coffee machine for coffee or tea. Wifi costs an arm. Plus side there is a Starbucks at the bottom, but only limited opening hours, the lobby is very nice. Location is decent.
Beautiful historic hotel -- and since I'm in historic building business, was looking forward to stay. Moved rooms on second night because of loud party in adjacent suite, they escorted me to a room that was completely torn up -- duct work torn apart in bathroom, lamp fixtures literally falling off wall, mirror torn off wall, etc. Ended up in a room on 20th floor -- much nicer, but yesterday waited 10 minutes for elevator on two separate occasions. Only two of three elevators to top floors work -- and these two elevators skip floors, so you can be stuck waiting for ever. When I raised this to hotel staff, was told this was an old hotel and basically to stuff it. Umm, no. This is not an old building problem, this is a fixable elevator problem if anyone cared enough to fix it. Thumbs way down, stay away. Go to the Drake or Knickerbocker if you're looking for old world charm, sans hassle.
The heating in our room didn't work and wasn't repaired depite numerous requests, the rooms were very small, the litter in the bin remained in the bin for the whole stay, the cleaner made the bed but nothing else, when we returned home my credit card statement showed that the hotel had charged me for the 5 night stay despite my having pre-paid through a travel agent, it took the hotel 2 months to re-credit my card without an apology or offer to pay for my numerous trans-Atlantic phone calls to them.
Stayed here for 5 nights while visiting Chicago for the first time. The location is great, the hotel has been recently renovated and our room was very spacious with two bathrooms. The lobby is a great place to chill and have a drink. Didn't eat in the restaurant but there are a few good ones nearby and we were beside The Art Institute, Cultural Centre & Macys. Staff were friendly. Would recommend it as a base to tour the city. 
My wife and I spent several nights here on a getaway excursion. I didn't choose it -- Priceline gave it to me for $70. If I'd paid the book rate, $175, I'd have been less pleased. No troubles with checkin. Very small room but bed was clean and comfortable. Starbucks in the lobby was a godsend. I'd read horror stories about the staff but they seemed friendly enough. For $70, it's a steal. For its online face value, not so much. Will definitely return if can get similar price. 
Had to bring my new puppy with me on a business trip and stayed at the Palmer House. The service was wonderful, staff was very friendly towards dog owners, even stopped to tell me how nice my dog was. Easy access to red line from Midway. Valets were prompt at retrieving car (they recommended calling down in advance we did and the car was there waiting). 
Just returned from a week in Chicago with the family. This hotel was perfect for us. Location is great, kids loved the pool as a place to wind down after a day of museums, touring, ball games, etc. We checked in through Hilton Honors Desk as opposed to the regular check in line. Even though our reservations were through priceline at a reduced rate, they gave us a pick of the the rooms. The room had a large closet which helped with the amount of gear we had with us. Used valet parking which was hasselfree. We had a great experience and would stay there again. 
My wife and I stayed for 2 nights and loved it. Our stay was booked for us by Virgin Atlantic when we booked our flights from London to Chicago. We were not quite sure what to expect but were reassured by the Hilton brand name. In the event we found that the airline knew what they were doing when they suggested this hotel. On arrrival we got a warm welcome and the check in was quick and efficient. The interior of the hotel is spectacular and looks like has been refurbished to reflect the decor as it would have been when it was built. The room we were given was a good size with 1 Queen bed which was particularly comfortable. The hotel is conveniently located with restaurants nearby. The first night we ate at the hotel's own gourmet restaurant (The Lockwood) which did not disappoint. The breakfasts are also served in this restaurant. We had the buffet both mornings and these were good value for the quality offered. Generally we found the service in this hotel good and the staff very helpful. A nice touch was that when we checked out of the hotel to go to our next destination the car we had booked to pick us up was a few minutes late arriving. A member of staff supervising the doormen saw us looking a bit lost and came over to assist us find the car when it did arrive. Overall I would thoroughly recommend this hotel for both business and leisure stays for both quality and value for money. 
My wife and I redeemed some of my Hilton Reward Points to stay a few nights at the Palmer House. The hotel is absolutely beautiful. From the moment you walk into the lobby you can tell that this place is nice. As we were Diamond members we got upgraded to a suite which was great because we were provided access to their executive lounge (free food & drinks). The service was excellent and the location of the hotel is within walking distance of many sights on the south side of Chicago. I would definitely recommend this hotel to anyone interested in coming to Chicago. 
We stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in early December, we stay there that weekend every December and we think it is the best location in the city for us. We like State Street better than Michigan Avenue and the Palmer House is right there. We stayed in the Towers, in a room with two double beds and 2 baths. The room was not huge, but very comfortable. The towers area was recently refurbished and it shows, the lobby is beautiful with plasma screen TVs on the walls, comfortable chairs and tables and a seperate room for the food/drinks. There is a continental breakfast in the morning, appetizers during cocktail hour and cookies are laid out until the room closes. There is a fridge stocked with soft drinks, water and juice that are yours for the taking. We were very pleased with the upgraded Towers, everyone should check it out! 
We just got back from a great weekend in Chicago and have no complaints about the Palmer House. It's very easy to get to from O'hare(the Blue line on the EL train) and then just a 2 block walk from the train station. The hotel itself is beautiful and the staff is super friendly and go out of their way to help. We booked an air/hotel package deal on Expedia. We expected to stay in a room with a full size bed but for only $45 extra per night we upgraded to the Excutive level! Best decision of the trip. We had a beautiful room with a King bed,down comforter,robes,plush towels etc...it also included a nice Continental breakfast each morning,all day snacks and beverages and a great happy hour! We took advantage of this every day. The location was great..lots of shopping along State St. and to get to the Magnificent Mile was a $5 cab ride or a 20 minute walk! We'll be back to Chicago and the Palmer House! 
Guys trip to Chicago, scored this hotel on Priceline for $100 a night. Had a little confusion over the bed situation at first. They said they only had kings available even after I had called and requested 2 doubles. After a 30 minute ordeal at the front desk they put us in a room with 2 doubles. The room was nice, nothing specacular, a little on the small side but nice. The lobby was beautiful to look at but that's about it. Hotel is within walking distance to Soldier Field, Sears Tower, ESPN Zone, and lots of bars and restaurants. Great location that and the price we got the room for made our trip. Would definately try and stay at this hotel again. 
We just returned from a weekend at the Palmer House. We normally stay north on the Mag Mile but wanted to be closer to Soldier's Stadium and the Art Insitiute this time. We were able to upgrade to a suite upon arrival at half the price that we paid for a regular room at the Four Seasons two weeks earlier. What a suite!! It was huge. The basic living room, dining room and kitchen/wet bar area was one large room. Up to three additional bedrooms can be added by the use of connecting doors. All rooms were spotlessly clean. They even smelled good. Lovely soaps, robes, etc. Lots of large closets. The bathrooms were older but well maintained. Much better than the ones at the Four Seasons. The furniture was nice but worn in some spots. The beds and linens were excellent. Room service was fast. The food and service were great. The pool and workout areas were clean and well maintained. We had one small problem with a burned out lightbulb in one of the lamps. Maintaince arrived quickly with a new bulb. They wouldn't allow me to tip them!! Check-in was somewhat slow as the hotel has been sold out for several weeks. This is a very large hotel, so they have to move a lot of people and rooms. Also, the hotel does not have views as it is configured like an "E". All in all, the Palmer House is a good value for the money. 
My wife and I decided to spend three days in Chicago last summer, and booked via Expedia. When we first walked into the lobby we almost fell over at its' beauty. It's like something out of Europe. We were able to get a free room upgrade, even though the rooms are still a bit small, but its' an old hotel in an old city. It's there for sleeping and showering. The restaurants, lounges, and shops were all wonderfull. The next time we travel to Chicago, I'll be affraid to stay anywhere other than the Palmer House Hilton 
I booked this hotel for $75 on Hotwire with mid-level expectations for one night. Totally blown away. Arrived on a Sunday night. Gave car to valet ($51/night). Lobby was a social people watching scene with swank music. Check-in was smooth and easy. I asked for an upgrade and was told no free upgrades to 3rd party bookings. Upgrade to suite was available at a cost. I passed since only 1 night stay. I asked for a nice, quiet room away from noisy housekeeping and ice machine. Received room 10-120. Room was huge with 2 beds. Felt like 400 square feet. Newly renovated last year. Bell hop told me some rooms are very small so I totally lucked out! Service from start to finish was top notch. Everyone had a smile on their face. Always spoke with great respect and made us feel welcome. Ordered room service at 10:45 PM. Arrived in 1/2 hour. food was so-so. Had pancakes in Lockwood for breakfast. Very good food and very good service. Strong coffee. Hotel is right on State Street shopping. FYI - Rooms on floors 15 and below were renovated last year. Rest were done 5 years ago. For the price, it was a great bargain! Only complaint is bathroom is small. 
We booked this hotel using points on our credit card. When we arrived, we were immediately greeted by a friendly face. We arrived several hours before check-in. However, they let us check-in early. They also gave us a free room upgrade. The hotel is absolutely stunning! In addition, it is off of State Street. There are many things to do - shopping, dinning, theater. It is also close to public transportation if you would like to go to the United Center or the airport. The hotel also allowed us to have a late check-out at no additional charge. The room was so dark and quiet we slept in. 
I stayed at the Palmer House for @ $150/night on a corporate rate. The bed was excellent, the linens/towels were top of the line. I did not find my room shabby, as other reviewers noted. The Palmer House is over 130 years old. Rooms have older woodwork and classic furniture; I think that lends to the ambience of the place. It is expensive, and I'm not sure I'd stay there if my company weren't picking up the tab. But the hotel itself is still awe-inspiring. 
Attended a conference at the Palmer House and it truly surpassed my expectations. I had no idea it would be so large, so nice and with so many amenities. I also didn't realize that it is just around the corner from Milenium Park and the Art Institute. We were met at the door by the friendliest staff. Even with a long line at check-in, the entire process was about 10 minutes. We enjoyed the room with the up-to-date TV, decent size bathroom and comfortable bed. Had a fantastic breakfast buffet as well as a delicious take-out lunch at the main restaurant. Paid $200/night through the conference which seemed quite fair considering downtown Chicago. We have stayed at the Sofital which is much more upscale, but we also paid over $300/night there. 
beautiful place with European charm. No complaints, great location, (never like parking in Chicago, though). It was $35 a night next door. Large beautiful lobby, a touch of class. Fantastic location for downtown, Navy Pier, and the great Grant Park(Millenium Park, too)...Loved it. 
Spent three nights at the hotel for a girls weekend. The staff was wonderful, room was beautiful and location great. You can take the train directly from Midway and walk one block to the hotel. Very close to museums and restaurants. I have stayed here before and it always proves to be a great choice for a trip to Chicago. 
It has been a couple of years since I stayed here, and got it for a night last weekend on Hotwire. I paid only $100 and stayed a Saturday night. I was very impressed with the redecorating done to the hotel. The lobby has always been great, but the rooms were a little shabby in the past. Not any more, as the hotel has been redecorated in the last few years. The location is still amazing, and with the Berghoff open again, there is a great restaurant within walking distance. 
Stayed here October 31 through November 5 for a cconference. This is beautiful hotel and the location is perfect. The Art Institute and Millenium Park is a short 2 block walk from the hotel. My room was small, but beautiful. The bed was comfy and there were plenty of pillows. Alas, no coffee maker in the room...The staff was helpful and friendly. I'd stay here again! 
We just returned from a girls shopping /sight-seeing trip.The Palmer House was like home away from home.The hotel is undergoing renovations but we did not notice any inconveniences or hear any noise from the work.The lobby was breathtaking, all dressed up for Christmas.The staff from check-in to housekeeping was very welcoming and friendly.Our room was updated with two beds and two separate baths which was great for everyone to have their own personal space.I would not hesitate to recommend this hotel to anyone.Chicago is a great town. 


Word	Frequency
room	100
hotel	68
stay	46
very	28
palmer	23
house	22
bed	22
great	22
service	21
small	20
night	20
did	19
chicago	18
nice	17
check	17
staff	16
just	16
lobby	16
two	15
location	14
bathroom	14
desk	14
old	13
hilton	13
beautiful	13