An excellent vacation destination. Clean rooms and many nice features. Superb location and proximity to local attractions. Staff is always friendly and eager to help. Highly recommended to anyone looking to travel to this area. 
A hotel made for royalty. Decked out to the top with luxuries you could only dream of, it is an amazing experience! It's located right in the middle of everything in Chicago, and pulls in all the best attributes of the city into one fun filled experience. The customer service was fantastic, as they were very responsive and polite to my requests and fixed any complaints without a complaint of their own. A beautiful experience that I would certainly do again!
I stayed here with my family when we were in Chicago on a family vacation. All I can say is WOW! A fantastic experience all around. First off, the hotel is magnificent, the lobby/entreway is jaw dropping to say the least. Everyone we dealt with from the desk clerks, to the cleaning staff, to the doormen were all exceptionally cordial and friendly. The rooms themselves are fantastic, perfect for a business person there for a stay or for a family there for recreation. The new Serenity beds that the Hilton offered were to die for! One of the most restful nights sleep i have had in years! The kids loved the Ipod docks in the rooms and my wife and I loved th fact the kids could keep their bedroom ice cold like they like it and we could keep it warmer in ours. As usual, it had wifi, which was ultra cheap and very very fast. Over all i highly recommend The Palmer House Hilton!
The Palmer House Hlton Hotel has to be the nicest hotel I have stayed at in Chicago. I went to Chicago on a business trip for a meeting. When I arrived once I walked in, the lobby was beautiful, I couldn't hardly wait to see my room. The rooms were just as nice, the bathroom was immaculate! We had a meeting in the Clark Meeting Room, even that was nice! I wanted to take a tour of the hotel itself! I was there for about 3 days and because of how convenient the hotel was to a lot of major attractions like, Grant Park, Lake Michigan, Mag Mile which is a shopping heaven, and the Navy Pier, it never really like the normal stressed out meetings. I love Chicago and I now have a new favorite hotel to stay at while I'm in town. 
My husband and I stayed at the Palmer House Hilton in Chicago for our anniversary. The hotel was beautiful and luxurious as one would expect from a Hilton brand hotel in a major city. The service was excellent with check-in and check-out going smoothly. The location of the hotel was ideal for us as we had plans to attend the theater, visit the Lincoln Park zoo and picnic by the lake. All of these were very close to our hotel. The price was reasonable for the location and luxurious accommodations. We also enjoyed the hotel restaurant and lounge. Highly recommend. 
If anyone is traveling to Chicago, I would strongly recommend the Palmer House Hilton. I have spent two nights in this hotel during a recent business trip and I was impressed by the elegant feel and look of the hotel. I had a guest room with a double bed. At the first sight, the room had perfect decor. The double bed looked comfy and cozy. It wasn't just a room because it also came with high speed internet and personalized listening options which were great features for a tired traveler like me. Since I was in a hurry in my two-day stay, I didn't have time to wander around the town for food. It wasn't a problem because the hotel offered a few places to dine or simply for snacks. The good thing is that their bar and lounge opened late at night. I can assure you that they had great quality food and drinks. If you are just touring the city, the hotel is quite close to parks, museum, and a lot of shopping places. If you just need a place to stay, the view from the hotel was pretty good as well. Among all the hotels I have spent time in, the Palmer House Hilton tops the list. 
My husband and I stayed at The Palmer House Hilton last month to celebrate our anniversary. What a wonderful hotel!! We had such a great weekend, largely thanks to The Palmer House. Every amenity we could want was right there at the hotel, at our fingertips. And the location is perfect--right in downtown Chicago. We stayed in one of their one bedroom king suites. It was exquisite--so elegant and beautiful. It was easily the most luxurious suite we have ever stayed in. The service was impeccable. Every employee we encountered was both pleasant and eager to accomodate any need we expressed. We had our anniversary dinner at the Lockwood Restaurant in the hotel. It was delicious! We will definitely return to the Palmer House Hilton for our next special weekend getaway. 
My husband and I snagged a great deal on a weekend trip to Chicago, and decided (at the recommendation of friends) to stay at the Palmer House Hilton. The only word we can use to describe it is "amazing"! Walking into the lobby feels like stepping back in time, it is simply breath-taking. Be sure to check out the ceiling, I have never seen one so beautiful outside of Europe. We checked-in without any issues and were assigned a very lovely room with the most comfortable bed I have encountered in any hotel. Everything is in walking distance of the Palmer House, you couldn't hope to find a better location for exploring downtown Chicago. Everything was perfect with our stay here, I would not stay anywhere else in Chicago from now on.
The Palmer House Hilton is located in the heart of the theatre, financial and shopping districts of downtown Chicago. It is walking distance to museums, shopping, government and corporate buildings. The location makes it perfect for visiting Chicago. The rooms are luxurious, with super comfortable beds and soft sheets. The rooms was clean and quite nice looking. The hotel's restaurants are amazing. The hotel would definately exceed your expectations, whether you are a business traveler or there on vacation. 
The Palmer House Hilton in Chicago is by far the best experience I have ever had away from home. From the moment you walk into the elegantly appointed lobby, you will never want to leave. The multiple ballrooms, board rooms and private dining rooms make this the perfect site for weddings or business events. If you're looking for leisure activities, there are two bars, the Lockwood Wine Cellar, and an indoor pool. The staff is professional, friendly and helpful. Room service is excellent, and the hotel is conveniently placed to several major attractions in the city. 
The Palmer House Hilton hotel has it all for the business and leisure traveler out there! I stayed at this hotel on business and all I can say is WOW!!! One of the main things that I liked about the hotel was the indoor pool! I loved being able to go swimming even though it was December and 5 degrees outside! Also, the hotel does offer wireless in the room and this really came in handy for me to keep up with my work after my meetings. I dined at Lockwood Restaurant and Bar and the food was amazing for a hotel! One thing that was a minor negative is that pets are allowed and my original room was next door to a barking dog, but the hotel staff was fantastic as switched up my room so I didn't have to deal with that! All in all, this hotel was fantastic and I look forward to the next time I get to stay here!
My husband and I recently chose the Palmer House Hilton for a rare couple's getaway from our usual life, and an escape it truly provided. There is something to be said for all the modern amenities combined with an aesthetic drawn from a grander and more luxurious time, let alone with ever-elusive accessibility for a wheelchair user! A bonus was that we did not need to feel like we must lug half our usual household with us, because things like alarm clocks, hairdryers and ironing boards were already there, electronic media even available for rent. With a comfortable bed, control over how the room felt, no need to search elsewhere for coffee and excellent room service at our beck and call, we had to remind ourselves that we had planned to leave our room to take advantage of all the Chicago culture in close proximity. Too often a hotel is an overpriced way to get out of making your own bed in the morning, but the Hilton was a true vacation. Thank you.
Very beautiful hotel. The historic features of this hotel make it absolutely amazing. This hotel offers many great guest accommodations of which I enjoyed the spacious, tidy rooms. The staff here are very friendly, helpful, and professional. The concierge went out of her way to make sure we knew about the area and not just what was in the hotel. I especially enjoyed the service at The Lockwood Restaurant here. Our server was excellent and the food was delicious! I must say this hotel exceeded my expectations. All in all, my stay was awesome!
Everything experienced at this hotel was grand. The hotel itself is stunning and the architecture is amazing. From the moment you walk into The Palmer House, you are greeted by friendly helpful staff. The rooms are out of this world with no detail overlooked. Comfortable beds, amazing bathrooms and breathtaking views of Chicago. If you are looking for an extravagant hotel for your next visit to the windy city, i would definately recommend you stay here. Experience Chicago like never before.
The Palmer House Hilton is an incredible break from the real world. The lobby is a throwback to the grand era of travel, and you can just imagine people stepping off the train with their steamer trunks. The lobby is luxe and gilded, with soaring ceilings and is staffed with friendly, accommodating employees. The rooms are plush, with each bed furnished with a Serenity Dreams topper for extra comfort. The room decor is modern and sleek, a world from the tacky furnishings in most hotels. For your convenience, there's a fully-stocked business center, pool, fitness room and workout area - something to accommodate the solo, business or family traveller. 
The Palmer House Hilton hotel takes luxury to a whole new level of existence. The rooms are beautifully decorated, with class and superior quality furniture. The hotels restaurant "lockwood" consist's of delicious French and Italian cuisine. The location is in the prime area to downtown, and shopping areas. This hotel is suited for pristine guests, and those who are not willing to settle for less. If you're looking for not just any stay, but a stay in luxury, you should give The Palmer House Hilton a try. It is one of the best of the best in Chicago, and your stay will be one to remember.
We really enjoyed our stay at the Palmer House Hilton. We were in Chicago for a weekend stay, and wanted something close to State Street, and convenient to the theatre district and the museums, and Michigan Ave. shopping. This is a grand old hotel, with just about every amenity one could wish for. The lobby is fabulous, and the hotel also has some nice restaurants . Our room had a nice king sized bed, and was pretty cozy. Hotel employees were very nice and helpful to us. I would definitely recommend this hotel if you want a "grand hotel" type experience at a reasonable price for the many amenities and in a very convenient spot in downtown Chicago. You will definitely feel special.
The Palmer House Hilton was recommended to me by a friend who had visited Chicago the previous summer. I was very happy with the location , and was able to visit the nearby Lake Michigan and Millennium park (beautiful!!). The rooms were good size , and the right amount of luxury for the price. I didn't use room service much , but when I did everything was in order. 
My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was wonderful. I was attracted to this Hotel because it was going to be me and my finance's first time in Chicago. The location of the hotel was perfectly placed Downtown Chicago We took advantage of the Hilton Bed and Breakfast Special. Upon Check in on Friday afternoon we went to the Lockwood restaurant before going to the room for the weekend. We stayed in a One Bedroom Suite with a King Size Bed. The Hotel was spotless. I have never been in a Hotel Room that was so clean. The portions of food was perfect, and everything they provided was on point. I would recommend this hotel for anyone who is going to visit Chicago for the first time. The staff is professional, and let you feel like a King and Queen.
Amazing! I was swept away when I walked into the hotel it was gorgeous. The staff was very nice and helpful the hotel was very clean, and the food was delicious. We stayed two nights and the first night we went to the Lockwood restaurant and we were blown away by the food. It has to be the best food in Chicago the atmosphere was very classy and warm and the wait staff was very precise. The decor in our rooms did not look like any hotel I had been at they were very elegant and inviting. I cannot wait to go back it is a true escape from daily life.
This hotel is ok but is not the best for the money. First of all the parking prices are exorbitant. I know parking is at a premium for this location but the price is much too high. Also, the service at this hotel was poor. I felt like room service took too long and considering the price the service was poor in general, and the staff at The Palmer House seemed more interested in helping the richer or more known customers more than us. In addition I feel that there were too many fees including a fee for internet. Also the rooms were very clean and beds very nice but there was some noise and you could hear the people walking above you. I would say it was an average experience at this hotel and considering the price maybe think twice about The Palmer House.
A decent place to stay. The people are nice enough, yet the atmosphere was not what I was expecting. The rooms were not very spacious, nor welcoming. So many places to eat, yet the food was very pricey and average. I would stay here again possibly, but I feel like I could find a better option for a better price.
When I first made reservations at The Palmer House Hilton, I was excited because of all the gorgeous pictures displayed on their website. Little did I know it was going to be a total disaster. First off, my husband and I couldn't find the place. It was our first time in Chicago after all. And when I would call for directions, they just kept putting me on hold. When my husband and I finally arrived, the bus boy was extremely rude. After man-handling our luggage, he held his hands out impatiently expecting a tip. Talk about arrogant. The front desk clerk was a little too pushy. My husband and I were only staying one night just to attend my sister's wedding, but they kept trying to up-sell a suite when all we needed was a regular guest room. The room itself was okay, decorated so ornately that they are forced to jack up the price and take all that you're worth. They even had the nerve to try and say that we purchased some items from the "snack bar" and ordered a movie that I've never even heard of! Completely unprofessional. I will never, I repeat, NEVER stay at this hotel ever again.
I had an awful experience here. The staff were rude and unhelpful. It took forever to check in and when I did, they took a while to even find my reservation. When I got to the room, it was marginally clean and when I complained, they said they were full and could not do anything for me. I would never go back. They are obviously not worried about customer service.
I would not stay at this hotel again. The rooms had a fowl odor. It seemed as though the carpets have never been cleaned. The neighborhood was also less than desirable. The housekeepers seemed to be snooping around while they were cleaning the rooms. I will say that the front desk staff was friendly albeit slightly dimwitted.
My stay at The Palmer House Hilton was less than satisfactory. I would have expected much for from such a "high end" hotel. The rooms were way over priced, and the service was less than satisfactory. At one point, I left my dirty towels on the floor to be picked up, and when room service came through, they were still there! On the other side of things, the cup I had left on my desk (which I was planning to use later) was gone. My coffee and my towels were also never replaced. I also was astounded that internet service did not come with the price of the room. Rather, it was a "nominal fee". After paying so much for a room, I had hoped to at least have complimentary wifi. My stay at the Palmer House Hilton left much to be wished for. I will not be staying there again.
Oh My! More Like A Dank Museum Than A Four Star Hotel! I read so many reviews on this hotel that I was sure my husband and I wouldn't be disappointed on spending our 10th Wedding Anniversary in the heart of Chicago at such a luxurious hotel! All the reviews sounded great so I feel awkward writing this, but I have to be fair - this place was a major disappointment. While the location is superb, the images online must have been taken over 10 years ago because all of the decor when we visited looked very old and faded. I noticed dirt everywhere - the fabric on the furniture was stained, the baseboards and woodwork were scratched and dirty and there seemed to be a smell of mold and mildew that permeated the entire hotel. Even though the food was great, the linens, glassware and silverware were not sparkling - it sort of helped that candles were lit so I didn't focus too much on how dreary and washed out the dining facility was. I didn't realize experiencing history would actually mean staying at a hotel that's living in the past! This was barely a two star hotel and I do not recommend staying here at all.
I recently stayed at the Palmer House Hilton on a business trip to Chicago. I will do my best to make sure that future employees of my company do I have to stay here. When the reservation was made, an early check-in was arranged -- due to travel arrangements, my travel companion and I were to get to the city in the early hours of the morning. We had arranged an early check-in without having to pay for the night before. There was no fuss raised when we agreed on this and so we assumed it would be fine. When we got there, however, there were no rooms available for us for hours and they refused to keep our bags. We were forced to change clothes and wash up in the public restrooms of the office building where our first meeting took place, and cart our bags around with us. They offered insincere apologies and didn't offer to comp us anything for the inconvenience. The rest of the stay (one night) was nothing to praise. I guess not having bugs would count as positive? I would definitely never recommend that anyone stay here.
The Chicago Palmer House disappointed me. I chose it because it a Hilton hotel, but it definitely does not live up to the standard set by this name. My first impression was a negative one when I was greeted by a rather rude staff. My room might have been luxurious years ago, but the general impression was that it had not been cleaned regularly and could use a little freshening. The bathroom was obviously newer but the shower was difficult to use and the water pressure was absolutely horrible. The food served by the room service and at the hotel's restaurant sounded delicious on the carefully crafted menus, and the high prices made me expect delicate cuisine. The food simply did not deliver its promises. Everything tasted very bland and the portions were ridiculously small. The location of the hotel might seem like an advantage, since it is in downtown Chicago nearby many touristic attractions: however, the windows in my room did not protect me from the constant noise of cars going by. Overall, this hotel would be decent if it did not advertise itself as a luxury hotel and did not use the Hilton name and price range.
The Hilton family would be outraged after hearing about a recent stay (i.e. nightmare) at the Palmer House Hilton. I arrived 3 days before the National Restaurant Association tade show hoping to beat the crowds and settle in for a long week of trade show business. When I arrived I was greeted or really snarled at by the Clerk. This lady (if one can really call this beast that) was aggressive and rude from the get go. She made a snide comment on the number of bags I had and it was downhill from there. My guaranteed and confirmed reservation had been mysteriously cancelled and she indicated that I had been the one to contact their call center seeking a cancellation. I informed "Brenda" that I had never cancelled my reservation. We had originally booked 2 rooms (one for me and one for colleague) and my colleague changed their reservation to come in one day later. She huffed and puffed and finally said, oh okay, I read it wrong but we don't have a room for you. My room had been given away to someone else that had arrived earlier that day. As a Hilton Honors member and someone that drops lots of money on this chain, I was furious. She said that perhaps someone else had found me a room at another hotel and to wait while she checked. She left the front desk and was gone for almost 20 minutes, coming back with a smirk on her face. She informed me that I had to make a decision and that both would not be satisfactory 100%. The first option was to stay at a hotel outside of the Chicago downtown, closer to the airport or that I could go with another room they had, a smaller smoking one with the potential but promise of an upgrade in 3 or 4 days. I was outraged. No, I'm sorry and certainly the options were horrible. I ended up taking the smoking room where I barely spent any time in it due to the strong cigarette smells. Additionally, there was no upgrade at all during my stay there. I was not offered anything to make up for my troubles, their screw-up nor did the hotel manager bother to return my call. The net outcome: I will NEVER stay at this hotel again and I'm thinking of shredding my Hilton Honors card. Don't make the mistake of dealing with this property. You will be very, very sorry. Thanks for reading all this. Hopefully it will help someone out there before booking at this joke of a hotel.
Having traveled to Chicago on business once before, I was looking forward to spending some vacation time in the city and wanted to have the best accommodations for my trip. After some research, I decided that the Palmer House Hilton sounded like the perfect place to stay. And, in a way, it was perfect -- perfectly awful. After reading some positive reviews and checking out the hotel's website, I was expecting a luxury room that was a notch above the ordinary. However, my standard guest room, which the hotel's website describes as "deluxe," was very bland and generic and reminded me of rooms I had stayed in at budget chain hotels, not pricier historic hotels, such as this one. The carpeting looked dingy, so I had to wear shoes or slippers any time I walked on it and there was a gap in the curtains that made it impossible to block out the sunlight in the morning -- or the horrendous view of a brick wall that I had from my window. In addition, the sink in the bathroom dripped constantly and was an annoyance all night long. Everything cost extra, including the gym, the pool and the spa, and the restaurant prices were outrageous. This hotel is overpriced, overrated and definitely subpar. I wouldn't recommend it to my worst enemy.
My husband, three year old son and I arrived at the Palmer House Hilton last Friday for a weekend stay. The hotel looked elegant online but included information that also indicated it was child friendly. At the check in the staff was cold and seemed quite annoyed by son who was merely saying hi and asking the name of the person helping us. One elevator was broken we had a long wait for other elevator. The hallway appeared a bit dirty as we made our way to our room. The room was decent. Not deluxe as their website indicated it would be but is was comfortable and the view was good. We had a long day of sight seeing and play on Saturday. As my son was tired, we elected to return to our room and have room service for dinner. There was no children's menu for room service. Only for the restaurant from which the room service came from the same kitchen, what??? We ordered an adult meal. The food arrived an hour later, cold and unappealing. But we at it because we couldn't wait another hour. Although the hotel looks lovely. The service was not very good. Most of the staff was cold and snooty. Except for the cleaning staff who were very nice. It might be ok for a couple or business traveler but do not stay with children. A comfortable motel might be better.
Upon entering my hotel room at The Palmer House Hilton I immediately turned my nose up at a foul odor coming from the bathroom. After placing my bags on a poorly made bed I walked into the bathroom to find the last visitor had failed to flush the toilet. I immediately called room service and asked for a new room. They apologetically told me there were no other rooms available but would send someone right up to handle the mess. After oh around a half hour of waiting a very angry maid knocked at my door. She seemed very irritated to have to deal with the mess and looked at me as if I should have been the one dealing with it. After the room was cleaned up she turned to me as if asking for a tip. I hesitated and she angrily stormed out of the room. I thought things would run smoother and tried to relax with an ipod. Yes you can use your ipod in the room however what they fail to mention is the constant white noise because the signals are so poor. And nothing could compare to the remote control heating and air. When I was able to get the buttons on the remote to work the temperature seemed to change on its own. If I wanted hot air it would slowly get colder and vise versa. After giving up on a nice television program I decided to retire to bed. Egyptian sheets? Right! All I can say is I found myself early to check out and in a new hotel within the next hour. If you value your back do not rent a room from this hotel.
The pictures on this website sure are deceiving! In real life the Palmer House Hilton is not nearly as pretty as its made out to be! The cleaning staff was still there when we arrived at our room and they made us wait outside while they were still cleaning! Now, granted it was only 15 minutes and sometimes guests can be messy but I thought that was the only weird thing I would have to put up with on that trip. It wasn't! They charged us for a mini-bar fee when we don't even drink, no one told us that we would have to pay for liquor anyway! They also did not get our wake-up calls to us on time, so we missed our tour bus and almost a whole day of our trip. We had to spend $50 extra bucks on cab fees just so we could see the city in the way we'd planned! And then it wasn't as good because the tour guide wasn't there and we got lost! My husband lost the key to our room at one point on this trip and the desk gave him a hard time about getting a new one. It was terrible! I certainly won't be staying here again!
Although the Architecture of the hotel is quaint, that is about the only positive of this terible hotel. The guest services were unhelpful at best, and the inbuilding resturaunts were unsanitary and untasteful. And as for the rooms, small, cramped, and it seemed as if the sheets hadn't been cleaned in the last 5 years. My stay here was distasteful, and I never intend to return, except to ask for my money back.
Overall, the hotel was okay. Though I did have a problem with the price. The accommodations mentioned on the website were accurate (other than the supposedly luxury mattress, it was not more comfortable than my own mattress!); but this hotel offers nothing more than a much more affordable hotel! There is a difference between the Palmer House Hilton lobby, and your normal, affordable lobby. But, I do not go to a hotel because it has a fancy lobby; I go to get a good night's sleep. When I want to sight see, I go elsewhere. Like I said, overall, the hotel was okay; but it was not worth the price.
I was not pleased with my recent stay at the Palmer House Hilton. My room was not ready upon my arrival and the room I was given was not what I had requested. I had requested a room with 2 queen size beds on a lower floor and was not given that. The air conditioning in my room was not functioning properly and it could not be turned off. The room had an overpowering fragrance smell which made my sinuses act up. I wondered what had happened in the room before I got it to make the housekeeping staff use so much air freshener. There was no doorman available or a cart so I had to lug my 3 suitcases by myself by dragging 2 of them about 20 feet and then going to get the other one so as not to lose sight of them at any point since they contained valuable irreplaceable items. Luckily another guest saw my predicament and offered assistance. My room had evidence of the previous occupants that had been left behind and overlooked by the housekeeping staff. They promised to send someone up to take care of the debris and after 3 calls to the front desk I finally gave up. I had looked forward to my stay there but have to conclude that it simply did not live up to the advertising and was a poor value for the money that I spent to stay there.
Our visit started off on the wrong foot when we entered the lobby struggling to carry all of our luggage and, instead of helping, a group of hotel employees stood watching and laughing at us. They had trouble locating our reservation. Our room was tiny! When I'm paying over $400 a night for a room, I expect to be able to walk around in it! The beds were also tiny. The walls were thin and we could hear our neighbors talking next door. This hotel was probably once beautiful and classy, but now it seems to be outdated and due for repairs. Won't be staying here again.
Though grand and having a brand, this hotel seems to disappoint me on certain fronts. 1. Staff seemed snooty and arrogant. 2. Request for upgrade was fulfilled only after repetitive requests.The initial room was very small. 3. for the cost paid I would expect a coffee maker, free internet service at the least which even regular B&Bs offer. 4.They will levy charges on each and everything.Complete rip off Other things matched the Grandeur.Cleanliness and location was good, but the staff made my stay unpleasant.
The Palmer House Hilton, while it looks good in pictures, and the outside, is actually a disaster of a hotel. When I went through, the lobby was dirty, my room hadn't been cleaned, and smelled thoroughly of smoke. When I requested more pillows, the lady on the phone scoffed at me and said she'd send them up. It took over an hour for 2 pillows. This hotel is a good example that what you pay for isn't always what you get. I will not be returning.

hotel	102
room	86
stay	54
hilton	38
palmer	36
house	36
chicago	32
very	29
one	29
staff	22
service	22
did	20
bed	17
look	17
clean	16
price	15
go	15
never	15
food	13
location	13
restaurant	13
busi	13
time	13
nice	12
because	12